you guys like toys do you like new toys
have up some toys you've never seen
before you won't go to the Toy Fair
three kids pop songs in each it has 16
different sounds with three different
Kidz Bop songs plus they can play as
well the glamour ah Tea Party like a pop
star product line from Imperial toy okay
so this is gonna reach out for $29.99 it
has a playback record and playback
feature as well so our electric guitar
are real working strings kids can played
it has three different Kidz Bop songs
that's prototypes right away and it's
three top hits of the Kidz Bop tickets
this is our mini melody microphone
there's three different songs you get
one in each microphone so like if you
get to be there's a PDQ or $6.99 it's
collectible there's one song in each
microphone so this is the mini melody
desire glam arathi megastar microphone
and what this does is it lights up the
crowd play so it's got the roaring of
the sound it's got a record and playback
feature it's got 3 Kidz Bop songs and
then it flings why you saying it to the
CD player and microphones fan doesn't
know retail for 50 dollars because were
to see
Kidz Bop kids it's $50 and it's a real
working microphone our dress up our
roleplay yeah I need the bottom make
them 1999 your backstage star else to do
1999 you gotta get ready for the show
we've got body body art please know they
wash right off makeup it is really light
for you we've got a showstopper set for
$7.99
at 5:00 every night and it plays one
song in the guitar and in the piano that
little make up play the song we've got
our hair extension with some light up so
we've created a name called bloom effect
so it's Lu and the F X when you're
singing your blinging lighting up Janice
Diana so it's continuous or it's to
sound into music okay and then we've got
our best which is really cool pop star
$24.99 our maxi star you can actually
wear this anywhere so it's going to come
like this you wear it on your backpack
on your clothes cuz if you're a star
right you look through a maxi star and
it's just a little $9.99 little emblem
of kids but we've got our horizons
pop on nail sunglasses some just
virtually light up and others have the
sound you know the reacts to sound
reacts to light hair accessories so
everything this line is $5.99 to $50
stay in touch
no when we put up something new
subscribe rate and comment
Oh connect with us on Facebook Twitter
in our own sight the twice I got power